{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README - George Martin\
\
\
\
Overview:\
\
	In COMP 3700 assignment 3, we were assigned with writing an OOD program which would interact with and manage information stored in an SQL remote client/server environment. The assignment was to create an interface in which a user would download (load), upload (save), and search information stored in a remote SQL database server. \
\
\
\
Design:\
	\
	The management GUI presents with two clickable options: Upload/Download and Search depending on what the client would like to interact with. Once an option is selected, a secondary window pops up (allow the user to either continue in the new window, or open more from the main window). \
	\
1. 	The upload/download window contains [3] options and [3] fields.\
\
	The first option is Download, which will allow the client to populate information based on a noteID saved in the remote database. By entering the ID alone, the information will appear. \
\
	The second option is Upload, which will allow the client to save/update information based on the noteID. Information entered into the subfields will either override currently saved information or create a new item in the database list. \
\
	Remove was an option feature added for client management ease. After loading in a line item from the database server, the client may choose to delete this item from the server. \
\
2. 	The search window contains [2] options and [2] fields, of which one is intractable. \
\
	The first option is Search. The client can enter a keyword into the field and any line items in the database sharing the same keyword in the title field will appear, alongside the noteID and body of the line item.\
\
	Clear Query was an option feature added for client management ease which automatically removed the previous search from the result field. \
\
 3. 	Pop-up windows may be closed arbitrarily, however if the Main Menu window is closed the program will terminate as designed. \
\
\
\
Technical:\
\
	JAVA was the OOD language used in this project\
	IntelliJ was used to as the coding environment\
	SQLite was the database management environment\
	JDK 1.8 was used as the latest Development Kit\
	Hardware Environment was MacOS\
\
\
\
Acknowledgements:\
\
	Source code was supplied by Auburn University, Dr. Nguyen.\
\
\
\
Comments:\
\
	This assignment was significantly more challenging than Project 1. Considering Project 1 was originally 30% of the grade then changed to 20%, and each assignment was changed from 2.5% to 5%, the difficulty of this assignment far exceeded expectation. This resulting code consisted of nearly 40 hours of constant trial and error, whereas Project 1 took a maximum of 5 hours, and could have been completed in 30 minutes with a basis of understanding. \
\
}