{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README - George Martin\
\
\
\
Overview:\
\
	In COMP 3700 project v1, we were assigned with writing an OOD program which would interact with and manage information stored in an SQL environment. The assignment was to create a tool to be used for a user with Manager permissions allowing them to \'93SAVE NEW INFORMATION\'94 and \'93MODIFY EXISTING INFORMATION\'94 across three categories: Products, Orders, and Customers. \
\
\
Design:\
	\
	The management GUI presents with three clickable options: Products, Orders, and Customers depending on what the Manager would like to interact with. Once clicking the option, a secondary window pops up (allow the manager to either continue in the new window, or open more from the main window). \
	\
	The new windows include all SQL information relating to the category along with a LOAD, SAVE, and DELETE button at the bottom. \
\
	LOADING information allows the manager to see all information pertinent to the Product, Order, or Customer ID. SAVE allows the manager to either create new line items, or update existing line items. DELETE allows the manager to remove a line item. \
\
	Once a window is closed, the GUI is terminated. I would like to prevent this from happening, where the program one exits if the MAIN window is closed. \
\
\
Technical:\
\
	JAVA was the OOD language used in this project\
	IntelliJ was used to as the coding environment\
	SQLite was the database management environment\
	JDK 1.8 was used as the latest Development Kit\
	Hardware Environment was MacOS\
\
\
Acknowledgements:\
\
	Source code was supplied by Auburn University, Dr. Nguyen.\
	Joe Szempruch assisted in the implementation of buttons in Main.\
	No additional outside sources were used. All additional code was my own.\
\
\
Comments:\
\
	The choice to include a delete button was for ease, user-friendliness, and predicting what the client would need as a manager. This is best exemplified in \'93Customer\'94 where lines are removed with just the ID, but can be used in any category as shown in the included video. Currently, Products and Orders are having trouble with deletion by ID alone, so clicking LOAD is recommended, immediately followed by DELETE. }