{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README - George Martin\
March 28th, 2022\
\
\
Youtube Link:\
https://youtu.be/MfGivIljKAU\
\
\
Overview:\
\
	In COMP 3700 Project 2 we were assigned with writing an OOD program which would interact with and manage information stored in an SQL remote client/server environment. The assignment was to create an interface in which a user would enable a client to load and save information stored in a remote SQL database server. \
\
\
Design:\
	\
	The management GUI presents with three clickable options: Product, Customers, and Order depending on what the client would like to interact with. Once an option is selected, a secondary window pops up (allowing the user to either continue in the new window, or open more from the main window). \
	\
1. 	The Product window contains [3] options and [4] fields.\
\
	The first option is Load, which will allow the client to populate information based on a productID saved in the remote database. By entering the ID alone, the information will appear. \
\
	The second option is Save, which will allow the client to save/update information based on the productID. Information entered into the subfields will either override currently saved information or create a new item in the database list. \
\
	Delete was an option feature added for client management ease. After loading in a line item from the database server, the client may choose to delete this item from the server. \
\
2.	The Customers and Orders window were identical to the Product window, except the fields were specific to those categories. Customer would show CustomerID, First Name, Last Name, and Address, where Order would display OrderID, Order Date, Customer, Total Cost, and Total Tax. These too had the standard Load, Save, and Delete.\
\
 3. 	Pop-up windows may be closed arbitrarily, however if the Main Menu window is closed the program will terminate as designed. \
\
\
\
Technical:\
\
	JAVA was the OOD language used in this project\
	IntelliJ was used to as the coding environment\
	SQLite was the database management environment\
	JDK 1.8 was used as the latest Development Kit\
	Hardware Environment was MacOS\
\
\
Acknowledgements:\
\
	No outside material was used for this project. \
	Previous material (Project_1 and assignment_3 were referenced). \
\
\
Comments:\
\
	This project was significantly easier after completing assignment 3. This project took me 2 hours to complete on the day it was posted (March 28th). In essence, this project was assignment 3 with the methods from Project_1 pasted into it and modified to function similarly to how assignment 3\'92s load and save methods worked.\
\
	The search and note functions were commented out with some classes removed for ease of readability. Comments were left for readability as well.\
\
\
}